Objeto interactive
The interactive object generally contains 4 main components: header, body, footer, and action. Additionally, some of those components can contain one or more different objects:

Inside header, you can nest media objects.
Inside action, you can nest section and button objects.
Name	Description
type

string	
Required.

The type of interactive message you want to send. Supported values:

list: Use it for List Messages.
button: Use it for Reply Buttons.
product: Use it for Single-Product Messages.
product_list: Use it for Multi-Product Messages.
catalog_message: Use it for Catalog Messages.
flow: Use it for Flows Messages.
header

object	
Required for type product_list. Optional for other types.

Header content displayed on top of a message. You cannot set a header if your interactive object is of product type.


The header object contains the following fields:

documentobject – Required if type is set to document. Contains the media object with the document.

imageobject – Required if type is set to image. Contains the media object with the image.

videoobject – Required if type is set to video. Contains the media object with the video.

textstring – Required if type is set to text. Text for the header. Formatting allows emojis, but not markdown. Maximum length: 60 characters.

typestring – Required. The header type you would like to use. Supported values are:

text – for List Messages, Reply Buttons, and Multi-Product Messages.

video – for Reply Buttons.

image – for Reply Buttons.

document – for Reply Buttons.

body

object	
Optional for type product. Required for other message types.

An object with the body of the message.


The body object contains the following field:

textstring – Required if body is present. The content of the message. Emojis and markdown are supported. Maximum length: 1024 characters.

footer

object	
Optional.

An object with the footer of the message.


The footer object contains the following field:

textstring – Required if footer is present. The footer content. Emojis, markdown, and links are supported. Maximum length: 60 characters.

action

object	
Required.

An action object with what you want the user to perform after reading the message. See action object for full information.